for the conference but also the webinar packages um so it might be worth i can do a bit of
calculations and see how it might fare for you to if it does financially make sense for you to
become a member actually for now to be straight to the point we're not really thinking about being
an ALT member it's just because we already are a yes member so okay that's just the reason for it
no that's fine so the non-member price i think it was 630 that is perfect yeah that's okay around
that for the membership so the exhibition package um doesn't include a talk at the conference i get
it yeah so are you wanting to do a talk at the conference what is the price for it or what do
We need to advance on the pricing, yes.
So, well, a third, it's not,
the only packages that is included in at the moment
is the theme sponsor and the headline sponsor.
I see.
But if you're wanting me to add that on,
I can just add that on as an extra to the exhibition package
and get that across to you.
Yes, that's possible.
And do you have an idea how much the prestations...
I think we would just want to have that written out somewhere so that we can compare the packages.
Oh yeah, I can do that.
Just have a quick look as to what it's written.
Bear with me.
I hate this much.
The others are just fucking weird.
I understand.
Google Drive, Specs, Bear with me, Cost Breakdown, Cost Breakdown with a team, but then I don't know what that is.
I understand.
So the actual kind of cost is £550.
But because you're getting the other things,
I'm sure I can wiggle that down a little bit for you.
So if you let me go and have a look at that,
I can maybe try and wiggle that down to about £300 for you, I think.
For a 30-minute talk.
Perfect, perfect.
If that would sound okay?
Yeah, that would sound okay.
And if you would, like, give us a confirmation that that's something that would be okay.
Is there already a list of the talks or a timeline of the day?
There is.
I think that is now being published onto the internet.
So, I think that is on our website now.
So, I can send you the link of that.
Yeah.
And are there also empty spaces still or are that only the talks that are already scheduled?
There's two empty spaces.
I get it.
I get it.
So, there's still space if you do want one.
I see.
two empty spaces okay yeah if you could send me the link of that one that would be
uh very necessary i will get an email together with all this in and send that to you by the end
of the day if that's okay because i don't want to say something and then not i get it follow it up
correctly um was there any other question no it was all about the webinar in the email at least
yeah so are we aiming to do that then the friday before yeah what time um in the morning i'm just
conscious you're on a different time to us aren't you i get it it's just one hour difference so it's
oh is it yeah yeah it's not it's not that hard for us but okay um i think it'd be a good time to
do two o'clock no i think 11 11 to 12 in the morning usually is the best time for
your time or my time your time your time okay so 11 your time perfect there's no reason why
we can't do that um i'll get this sent out today and then hopefully i can start working next week
on the marketing stuff so we can get all that out yeah um and start marketing it if if we're gonna
be doing it before we want to get all that stuff out as soon as possible yes yeah yeah perfect we
will um we will do it in teams um in teams yeah we will do it in teams we will also create an
a landing page so it will then be just a link and everybody can just uh if they press on the link
they will get on the page they will send a little bit of information about the webinar um so you're
going to put that together and then we'll just share it yeah just the link perfect and then also
the video attached so it will be just the video that we will host the webinar and then just the
link and where they can sign up that will be the flow that sounds fantastic perfect exciting perfect
perfect okay um and i will attend so i can learn more about what you're doing
yes 100 so that's lovely so could you um just everything that you were uh gonna do could you
just tell it to me so i will put it all in an email yes and i'll just tell you now what i'm
gonna send you yeah yeah so we are everything correct so i'm gonna send you the exhibition
package and what's included in that because that's what you want with the additional speaker 30
minute um talk yes attached to that i'm going to send you the um an overview of the member list of
how many um people how many email addresses sorry are on that that it will be shared too i'm going
to share send you a member um breakdown of how many for profit and private for profit people we
have on that member list perfect um and is that it i think that's it you're going to send me the
landing page and the teams and we're going to market that yes um i think that's it yeah i think
that's it and i had one more question of course uh in the netherlands we have some subsidies for
being able to go to an event when there is an international event you can get a little piece
the money back because the Netherlands wants to have AI start specifically going international
for that you have to be physically present at the others at the location now I know our webinar
will be doing actually here from the Netherlands do you think you could make it look like we're
doing the webinar on the actual invoice like it's at the event because then we would be able
to fall under the subsidy in the Netherlands it's just a small thing that the invoice would
mention on a different date I don't see why we can't do that perfect perfect yeah okay um don't
quote me on that because you know if my CEO goes we're not doing that but I don't I don't see an
issue with that are you coming to oh you'll be coming to the conference as well won't you yes
Of course, it's just that the webinar is, strictly speaking, before the event,
but it's so closely related to the event that for us it would be nice
if it looks like we're doing the webinar at the event.
Yeah, no problem.
Perfect.
Perfect.
I think then we are complete.
Okay, I will get all that sent out to you.
And we will get back to you.
If I don't speak to you again today, obviously I'll send me an email,
but that's not speaking.
Have a lovely weekend.
You too.
You too.
Yes.
Okay.
And we'll catch up, possibly over email more next week.
Thanks.
Perfect.
Thank you so much.
Cheers.
Thank you.
Bye-bye.
